add file connector example (#1118)
wso2/docs-ei: en/micro-integrator/docs/references/connectors/exporting-artifacts.md

> # Exporting artifacts

Reviewer: We cannot use this heading number if we are inserting it into another page. Probably it will be ##.

Author: Done

> In this document we focus on creating the Connector Exporter Project and Exporting the CApp. 

Reviewer 2: In this document --> In this section (as we are going to make a compiled doc using this page section will make more sense).

Reviewer 2: In this document we focus on creating the Connector Exporter Project and Exporting the CApp. CApp is the deployable artefact on the Enterprise Integrator runtime.

Author: Done

> ## Creating Connector Exporter Project

Reviewer: Same comment as above. I think this will be ###.

Author: Done

1. Go to **File** -> **New** -> **Other** -> **WSO2** -> **Extensions** -> **Project Types** -> **Connector Exporter Project**

> <img src="../../assets/img/connectors/connector-exporter-project-1.png" title="Add Connector Exporter Project" width="800" alt="Add Connector Exporter Project"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   <img src="../../assets/img/connectors/connector-exporter-project-1.png" title="Add Connector Exporter Project" width="800" alt="Add Connector Exporter Project"/>
```

Tab all images.

Author: Done

2. Enter a name for the Connector Exporter Project. 

3. In the next screen select, **Specify the parent from workspace** and select the specific ESB Solution Project you created from the dropdown. 
<img src="../../assets/img/connectors/connector-exporter-project-naming.png" title="Naming Connector Exporter Project" width="800" alt="Naming Connector Exporter Project" />

4. Now you need to add the Connector to Connector Exporter Project that you just created. Right click on the Connector Exporter Project and select, **New** -> **Add Remove Connectors** -> **Add Connector** -> **Add from Workspace** -> **Connector**
<img src="../../assets/img/connectors/adding-connector-to-exporter-project-1.png" title="Adding Connector to Exporter Project" width="800" alt="Adding Connector to Exporter Project" />

> 5. Once you are directed to the workspace, it will display all the connectors which exist in the workspace. You can select the relevant connector and click **Ok**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Once you are directed to the workspace, it displays all the connectors that exist in the workspace. You can select the relevant connector and click **Ok**. 
```

Author: Done

<img src="../../assets/img/connectors/adding-connector-to-exporter-project-3.png" title="Selecting Connector from Workspace" width="800" alt="Selecting Connector from Workspace" />

## Exporting the Composite Application Project

> 1. Now right click on Composite Application Project and click on **Export Composite Application Project**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Right click on Composite Application Project and click **Export Composite Application Project**.
```

Author: Done

<img src="../../assets/img/connectors/capp-project1.png" title="Export as a Carbon Application" width="800" alt="Export as a Carbon Application" />

2. Select an **Export Destination** where you want to save the .car file. 

3. In the next **Create a deployable CAR file** screen, select the both created ESB Solution Project and the Connector Exporter Project to save as below and click **Finish**.

> <img src="../../assets/img/connectors/saving-projects.png" title="Create a deployable CAR file" width="800" alt="Create a deployable CAR file" />

Reviewer 2: Shall we add a section on how to deploy the CApp on Enterprise Integrator runtime? 
It is common for all the documentation around connectors. 
@samgnaniah WDYT?

Reviewer: +1.

Author: Done
